Introduction section (#22)
greenelab/manubot-gpt-manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

These capabilities might also deeply change how scientists write and revise scholarly manuscripts by saving time and effort.
This would allow researchers to focus on more high-level tasks such as data analysis and interpretation.

Here we introduce a new AI-based revision tool that imagines a future where authors co-write their manuscripts with the support of large language models.
We used, as a base, the Manubot infrastructure for scholarly publishing [@doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007128].
Manubot was designed as an end-to-end publishing platform for scholarly writing for both individual and large-collaborative projects [@doi:10.1098/rsif.2017.0387; @pmid:34545336].
We developed a new workflow that parses the manuscript, uses a large language model with section-specific prompts for revision, and then creates a set of suggested changes to reach the revised state.
Changes are presented to the user through the GitHub interface for author review and integration into the published document.

> We tested this workflow on a set of manuscripts including sections with different levels of complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We tested this workflow through a case study with three Manubot-authored manuscripts that include sections with different levels of complexity.
```
